Peter I can't come to your concert
tonight I'm working look at what
what's Baba's job he works for mr.
Rooney who's got a hunt for a lonely old
man probably didn't have a father so mr.
Rooney looked after him you rule this
town is God rules the earth I love mr.
Rooney we had nothing
he gave us a home alive heels on
missions for mr. Rooney take my cruiser
enough pause take Mike with you they're
very dangerous that's why he brings his
gun
we sell everything can you keep a secret
he's my son a man of honor always keeps
his word
[Music]
Michael tomorrow when they find out
we're gone they're gonna come after us I
have to protect you now
[Music]
like to apologize especially to you
pause you would like to apologize sons
are put on this earth to trouble their
fathers natural law you gotta take him
now I know who to call
there's a guy who's done some more for
us in the past to be paid to do what you
love and have the dream and then at the
same time what's not your fault
[Music]
they won't make it now with a little boy
what are you gonna do just one last
thing and then it's done
dad for the tractor mine
[Music]
this is the life we chose the life we
lead and there is only one guarantee
none of us will see heaven Michael good
[Music]